Huo Jiuling, you deliberately leaked this information to me,
allowing my pursuers to arrest him,
and you even offered land
worth ten billion, to
have me play along.
From my investigation,
this girl is this man's girlfriend.
I'm furious!
No way?
Huo Jiuling,
you made me participate in this charade,
all for this woman?
You played along; that land is yours.
Don't worry about anything else.
Tomorrow, I'll have my lawyer transfer the deed to you discreetly.
However,
in addition to your Sicily property, I also want the Milan property.
Consider it compensation for you destroying my camera.
What?  You seem reluctant.
Not giving me the Milan property is also acceptable.
Little girl, there's something I forgot to mention.
I forgot to tell you.
What?
She... is Hong Jiu.
Huo Jiuling,
I'll wait for your contract tomorrow. Take this man away.
Leilei, Leilei, help me!
They stormed the tomb on Zhilingshan and beat me, breaking my ribs.
I'll take you to the hospital.
Huo Jiuling, what are you doing?
Zhilin, when did I say I'd take you to the hospital?